big investors insiders are Panic selling
their stocks right now here in 2024 you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you the question is is it just
a oneoff is this just an event that's
been happening all concentrated in a
short period of time or is this a signal
of things to come so we're going to look
at that today I want you to understand
that you can look this information up
for yourself you don't need to see this
you know in this generic news articles
and things you can look that up I have a
video about that on my channel and in
fact it's broken down two times two
separate channel two separate videos on
my playlists the first thing is JP
Morgan CEO Jamie demon sells off $150
million of shares in a first ever sale
since taking over the banking giant so
this is very clear the guy has like 7.7
million shares he's selling off almost a
million shares it is a significant sum
why well according to the official
filing why he's doing this is to
diversify okay and as well as uh I think
it was tax purposes something to to this
effect and so what he's doing is not
unlike what others are doing and you see
the same deal going on with guys like
Bezos selling 8 billion plus so far
already this year and other big names in
these indust in these industries uh that
are just
producing an endless supply of capital
it seems and so they're saying hey I'm
going to cash out on the finance Friday
session we were looking at all of the
different insiders from Nvidia to um
pretty much any name all these big
high-flying names right now that you're
seeing the Insiders at these companies
are selling off so they are the ones
capitalizing on this more than anybody
else because they're actually taking
some of that capital in they got it for
a much less uh a lot a lot of these guys
get their compensation in the form of
options or they get them in the form of
stock and so they can reap those rewards
at certain levels and they're doing that
they're cashing out where are they
putting that money where is Bezos about
to put 8 billion worth of cash we'll see
okay they are doing this like I said I
have a video on the channel in fact two
videos if you go to the playlists you
scroll down you'll definitely see it
right in there corporate Insider
transaction ratio I want to make this
very clear because I know there's
already 72 comments suggesting that I
don't know what I'm talking about but
you can see it for yourself okay the
ratio of Insider sales to buys readers
under uh readers Under 12 point uh sorry
excuse me 12 to one ratio are bullish
and you look at those over 20 to one are
bearish and so when you look at this
range it just tells us that at this
time we're off the charts off the charts
okay and what's happening here well
obviously the prices have moved up to a
great degree and so insiders are saying
I'm going to cash out all right now
they're not cashing out all their stock
even in Jamie Demon's case yes a large
chunk is coming out Jeff bezel even
though he has a lot he is selling 8
billion even for him that's a
considerable sum okay especially all in
like a two- week period okay and so
you're looking at this happening right
now they are reaping the rewards they
are taking advantage so that's the chart
for you that's the data for you and I
think it's important to look at it track
it and say hm what can we learn from
this JP Morgan one of those stocks that
has outperformed many others this is
comparing the financial index so when we
look at the financial stocks broadly
compare that to JP Morgan they have done
extremely well in terms of their stock
performance they are the ones buying up
all the companies that are not doing so
well they can take advantage of the
circumstance they never need to worry
they in fact have Direct Control
partially over the Federal Reserve and
their activities so we know that we know
the history of the Federal Reserve and
we understand this and so obviously
they're going to be able to
continuously manipulate things the way
that they want no question about it you
have these type of Articles you're
seeing all the time where Nvidia shares
pop 16% after AI fueled bumper earnings
that was one example other examples uh
many like it right now the word AI you
attach that in with your company and you
will have a lot of success but I want to
make something very clear so this is
Bill gross the former Bond King and Bill
gross had this to say he talks about his
lessons learned and essentially he
learned this very early on of what to
you know basically when you make
mistakes you got to learn from those
mistakes and his parting words were this
I would make many mistakes during the
next 40 years in the bond market but
none as big percentage wise as this one
lesson gambling belongs at the casino
investing requires prudent use of
capital and avoidance of excess of
Leverage and that's what we need to
realize here if you're going to put
money into an investment don't use
leverage don't use this leverage and
we're talking about especially the
financial instruments when we're talking
about buying a house your own property
that you are going to live in as long as
you have a considerable down payment
that's a different story yes it is
leverage but it's with common sense and
that doesn't mean hey they allow me to
have 3% I'm going to take it no that is
a very dangerous circumstance okay 3%
down payment no no no you need a
considerable sum to put down so your
payments are reasonable what if you lose
your job what if you don't have income
for several months what if somebody in
the family is sick you cannot be running
at the red line you're going to be in
trouble at some point don't do it okay
um Japan's stock market hitting record
levels now when I see this I know
there's a problem because Japan has
nothing left
Japan is a ghost town I'm not kidding
when I say this they own the vast
majority of the ETFs they own the vast
majority of the government bonds it just
like they have actual ghost towns inside
of
Japan
this is a matter of fact I
mean they are at a record level I think
real estate wise they haven't hit back
to the record level yet but remember
they cross this
initially in 1989 if memory serves
correctly so from
1989 it took all those years to get back
if you were looking at just the index
this is always the case when we have a
bubble and Japanese stocks were in a big
bubble at this time these are the kind
of things that I read and I just laugh
at the more Americans that take o OIC
the faster the US economy will grow from
none other than your friends at Goldman
Sachs that's right suddenly everything
is fantastic this company right here
which take a look at that symbol of that
company anyway that's a whole different
story um what I
see
overwhelmingly is the arrogance that we
tend to see that comes before difficult
times we are in the Roaring 2020s aren't
we that not even locking down the entire
world
simultaneously can scare investors we
have gone past that investors simply see
beyond it and right now today we are
looking at a time of great Euphoria the
Euphoria has spread just about
everywhere and it doesn't seem to let up
anytime
soon here you have one case where things
are a little bit different so you do
have Warren Buffett Brookshire Hathaway
sitting on $150 billion in cash cash
equivalents and so what is he doing with
all that cash well Warren Buffett H you
remember of 2020 he was being laughed at
every day laughed at not just on social
media from the ignorant people but he
was also being laughed at in the
mainstream article saying maybe he just
doesn't get it anymore like why isn't he
buying pelaton
stock and so right now you can look at
his
performance the company's performance
and it has done obviously very well
outperforming the S&P 500 all right no
question about it you got to look at
performance not over a year or two years
or 5 years or even 10 years you have to
be able to perform unless you are going
to S sell the whole thing at some point
but um you got to perform over many
decades and very few people have done
that a lot of people have a lot of
success over 10 years they get to the
11th year and what happens they lose it
all or they lose a considerable sum you
got to be careful about that you got to
be good over many many decades hard to
do and as Bill gross said you got to
make wise decisions and you cannot use
leverage you see because that makes a
loss one loss a big painful loss as
opposed to all right I can take it let's
move on don't worry I got these other
ones that performed well I'll take the
loss I'll sell okay and we move on okay
um that's what we need to have
unfortunately we don't have that and
Warren Buffett sits on the sidelines if
you want to think of it like that uh
which many do but in fact what he's
doing is simply making money off the
treasuries that he's
buying he's waiting for an opportunity
he wants to make a lot of money okay so
he's still buying it's not that he's not
buying but he's still willing to hold on
to $150 billion of cash or cash
equivalent instead of having
the stock that may or may not do as well
as that he's not willing to you know bet
on these really small margins he wants
to buy companies for pennies on the
dollar and buy when he feels is the time
uh the time is right so who knows who
knows what happens and not every single
purchase that he's made has done very
well but over time making a few good and
he has said before and so has Charlie
Munger have have said that just the
few stocks few like you buy at a couple
times you get really really
good uh purchases you you know that can
change your life
so what we have to see right now and
into the near future is what's happening
with interest rates in the federal
reserve's activities and I believe for a
lot of people they are just pushing
themselves all out there trying to
capitalize on the Euphoria just be
careful don't use
leverage uh don't go into the extremes
don't even use options I think a lot of
people there's this whole uh like
they're taking courses right about
options trading and you won't be good at
trading options you will not be good at
trading options it is a skill that takes
many many many years to lose at before
you are good at and that is just
something that you know how do you how
can I
rightfully tell you to ever do something
like that I would always want you to
avoid that because the losses would be
too great for most people to take you
you're not going to be good after after
you take one course on options it's just
not going to happen Okay so tell those
YouTubers tell those YouTubers to stop
all right look if you want to know about
the insides and out to the financial
system you got to join my group because
we get into things at the nitty-gritty
and help you look from a 30,000 ft
30,000 foot view into what's going on
right now today and in the depth that I
just can't get into here on the YouTube
channel two hours every Friday I hope to
see you there the money gps.com
SL live I'll see you then take care